feat(serverless): pricing references update (#6473)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-functions/faq.mdx

<Lightbox image={Image1} size={"medium"}  alt={"Functions Billing"} />
<Lightbox image={Image2} size={"medium"}  alt={"Functions Billing"} />

> For detailed and up-to-date pricing information, please refer to the [official Scaleway pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/serverless/#serverless-functions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed and up-to-date information on pricing, refer to the [official Scaleway pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/serverless/#serverless-functions).
```

#### Examples

<Message type="info">

> This calculation is provided for illustrative purposes only. For accurate and up-to-date pricing, please refer to the [official Scaleway pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/serverless/#serverless-functions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This calculation is provided for illustrative purposes only. For detailed and up-to-date information on pricing, refer to the [official Scaleway pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/serverless/#serverless-functions).
```
